Don't stop when you're tired, stop when you're done.
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
The only limit is the one you set yourself.
Success doesn't come from what you do occasionally, it comes from what you do consistently.
Wake up with determination, go to bed with satisfaction.
It's going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.
Don't wait for opportunity. Create it.
Sometimes later becomes never. Do it now.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
Dream bigger. Do bigger.
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles.
Your limitation—it's only your imagination.
Little things make big days.
It’s never too late for a new beginning in your life.
Work hard in silence, let success make the noise.
Dreams don’t work unless you do.
Go the extra mile. It’s never crowded there.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Strive for progress, not perfection.
Hard times don’t create heroes. It is during the hard times when the 'hero' within us is revealed.
You are stronger than you think.
Don't tell people your plans. Show them your results.
The pain you feel today will be the strength you feel tomorrow.
Discipline is choosing between what you want now and what you want most.
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain.
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them.
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly.
Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy.
Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.
Opportunities don't happen, you create them.
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents.
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.
If you're going through hell keep going.
What’s the point of being alive if you don’t at least try to do something remarkable.
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it.
Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem.
You can do anything, but not everything.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed.
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
The starting point of all achievement is desire.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out.
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work.
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.
You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily.
We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
The best reason to start an organization is to make meaning; to create a product or service to make the world a better place.
I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed.
When I dare to be powerful - to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
If you don’t design your own life plan, chances are you’ll fall into someone else’s plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it — teach yourself to be impatient.
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards.
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.
The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is.
Either you run the day, or the day runs you.
Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right.
The best revenge is massive success.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
